What'd you find out about her?
Christine has wanted to pass away when she was young. Her father owned a factory but blew most of his fortune so he owned his mistress.
She has been bullied by her stepmother and steps her for years.
Here's the details.
When her father is a Brandon Hayes?
Hasn't Hayes Industries? Yes.
There's divert partnerships some time ago.
Tell them to meet me here tomorrow. I want to thank them.
Personally, for their offer.
My daughter, what happened?
Look at what Christine had did to me.
You have to do something.
How dare she bully my daughter like that.
She's going to pay for this.
I'm back.
Why are you drunk?
The special assistant to Mr. Parker contacted me.
He says tomorrow at noon, he wants to treat us to a meeting.
Really?
I'm reaching out darling.
Get dolled up.
If I impress the boss, then I can get Christina kicked out of the company.
You must be Mr. Parker.
Oh no. This is Christina's broadcast husband. He's a driver for the Parker family.
Is Mr. Parker here yet?
What do you mean? He's right here.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Ethan Parker.
Christina's husband.